---
layout: page.html
title: Hack Night Fall 2017
---

[Return to Hack Nights](/hack)

# Hack Nights Spring 2018
### Asteroid Quest!
Most Polished Hack by Declan Hopkins

[Submission](https://vote.ubacm.org/entries/8/)

An experiment with temporal mining technology has gone wrong, leaving you stranded across dimensions in a strange galaxy. Pilot your ship through each sector, claiming resources and power to fuel your trip home. Traverse across space and activate beacons to unlock the path between dimensions. Succeed, and bring whatever wealth you can amass back with you. 

### Custom RISC CPU, Assembler, and Simulator
Best Hardware Hack by Zachary Salim and Keith Carolus

[Submission](https://vote.ubacm.org/entries/17/)

In a collaboration for CSE 443 Compilers and CSE 490 Computer Architecture, the reduced instruction set architecture Smallpond has been born, and a toolchain for the ISA has been built. It has now been implemented on the Digilent Basys 3 FPGA development board with gdb debug, and a flexible assembler and simulator framework has been written in Java which allows for quick changes to the ISA. In fact, with the redefinition of a few classes, an entirely new ISA can be created and simulated with this Java program. Features of the processor: gdb-like debug, memory mapped IO, UART connectivity, interesting special purpose registers. 

### Calendar Generator
Most Useful Lifehack by Stephen James

[Submission](https://vote.ubacm.org/entries/23/)

Calendar Generator allows you to search for and select the classes that you are enrolled in order to generates an iCalendar file (.ics) that can be used by calendar applications such as Google Calendar, or even native calendar applications on mobile devices. The generated calendar includes the weekly recurrences or each class from the day of the first class to the last class of the semester, as well as information about the instructor, course section, and location of the course. 

### Dad Simulator
Funniest Hack by Liam Gensel and Tristan Wiley

[Submission](https://vote.ubacm.org/entries/9/)

Dad Simulator (Dadgotchi) was born from the love for Tomagatchi. Play through the simple game while taking care of your "Dad". Feed him, give him drinks, and let keep buying resources from your allowance! Make sure to keep him happy and healthy!

### A Tree's Life
Best Design and Best Use of Google Cloud API by Matthew Stafford

[Submission](https://vote.ubacm.org/entries/3/)

A traditional elementary school classroom consists of one teacher and 20+ students. Tracking a child's progress and identifying problems areas can be difficult with such a large teacher to student ratio. I choose to investigate Google Cloud's Speech-To-Text API as a tool to monitor children's classroom activities. Specifically, I use the system as a platform to help children learn to read. A child is presented with a page from an ebook, as they attempt to read the page, we use our Android application to grade their accuracy and look for difficulties in pronunciation. We in real time show the user their progress while reading and in post process provide a detailed analysis of how the child did. We believe the detailed reports on children's reading competency will allow teachers to make more informed decisions when creating class content. 